Add blog post about deprecating Polymer (#1742)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2023-04-04-deprecating_polymer.md

---
author: Bram Kragten
authorURL: https://twitter.com/bramkragten
authorTwitter: bramkragten
title: Deprecating Polymer
---

> The Home Assistant frontend used to use the [Polymer Library](https://polymer-library.polymer-project.org/3.0/docs/about_30) for her web components. Polymer is since been deprecated and superseded by [Lit](https://lit.dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Home Assistant frontend used to use the [Polymer Library](https://polymer-library.polymer-project.org/3.0/docs/about_30) for her web components. Polymer has since been deprecated and superseded by [Lit](https://lit.dev).
```

In the last couple of years, we migrated most of the frontend to Lit, and we only have a few places and dependencies that still use Polymer.

This is good news, as Lit is way faster and lighter than Polymer.

> In Home Assistant 2023.4, we finally removed the latest piece of Polymer from the entry point of Home Assistant, meaning it is not needed when the app starts, but only when a component needs it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Home Assistant 2023.4, we finally removed the last piece of Polymer from the entry point of Home Assistant, meaning it is not loaded when the app starts, but only when a component needs it.
```
